fix(module_graph): limit flattening to hardcoded value (#7266)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/chubby-hats-hope.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Fixed an issue where Biome got stuck when analyzing some files. This is usually caused by bug in the inference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where Biome got stuck when analyzing some files. This is usually caused by a bug in the inference
```

> engine. Now Biome has in place some guards in case the inference engine grows too much, and if that happens,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
engine. Now Biome has some guards in place in case the number of types grows too much, and if that happens,
```
